                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Winter 2020)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Mridul Kavidayal

 
B: Shivam Lakhotia

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	        10          10
coding 	  	  	            40          40
writeup 	  	  	        8           8
planning (alone) 	  	  	 2          2
total (including meetings) 	 60         60 	  	 


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
    Both of us planned the work required to do and then divided it accordingly.
    Mridul did the SIMD and Blocking. Shivam did the 3-Level caching, transpose and goto-paper impl.
(b) Did you complete the assignment?
    Yes.
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing thisx
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    Strength was trying out a lot of possibilities. We experimented a lot. Only a few experiments did give us results but we 
    did learn a lot.
    Weakness was not able to figure out how to combine appropriately various method. A lot methods were giving us improvements but 
    we couldn't combnine all and get the best improvement.
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.
(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
    It is important incremently keep taking one branch forward in parallel to experimenting.
(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
    No. I think worked pretty in sync and did the tasks as expected.
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
    This assignment taught us a lot but loosing masks hurt!
(g) What suggestions do you have to improve this assignment?
    Give all posibilities/ways to imporve to the students and let students try out all of them 
    instead of them finding what are ways to improve because sometimes we get stuck with one method.
    And that takes up a lot of time.